# Reflection

## WHAT WENT WELL?
The greatest success was the pro-activity and unity of the group. Within the first week of the unit, our members had already formed a team and started bonding through Discord. Throughout the early weeks we stayed connected by sharing ideas and assisting one another in weekly modules in Intro to IT and Intro to Programming, while getting to know each other’s technical experience, strengths and weaknesses, and life schedule. As such, we were able to hit the ground running with this Assignment and stay well ahead of deadlines. Members actively volunteered for tasks and very little time was required to finalize duties. With our meet schedule layout we were able to monitor team progress, and there was always support for those who may be struggling due to time restraints. The regular contact on a daily basis definitely played a huge role in keeping us united and on track as a team. From casual check ins after work just to unwind, to more task focused meets, all team members made the effort to contribute.

## WHAT COULD BE IMPROVED?
There’s always self-doubt and areas for personal improvement. Whether it be time management, lack of technical skills and knowledge or just being unsure of tasks, each member felt they could do more if given more time. Fortunately, with the layout of our group meetings, members were able to voice these personal concerns and help was always available from the rest of the team. Going forward, we’ll definitely continue to use, and possibly improve this strategy to ensure all members feel more confident about their personal contribution.

## WHAT WAS SURPRISING?
As a team, one of our biggest surprises was the spread of knowledge and skill sets. Being and introductory unit, many of us came into this with little knowledge of IT related technologies and skills. 
Faced with stories of team’s building working apps and models was a hair raising concern. It was only when we started brainstorming and discussing ideas that it was apparent that we weren’t so lacking as a team. Each of us had very different skill sets, and they all came together and were useful in achieving tasks. From Jacob's and Clayton's tech and coding knowledge, to Steph's and Taleb’s real life corporate experience, there were solutions readily available to every task given. Let’s not forget Junior's and Phi’s ongoing banter and sound board content which kept the positive vibe going in team meets.

## WHAT HAVE WE LEARNED ABOUT GROUPS?
The most important lesson about group work is often overlooked. Team bonding and communication is crucial to a successful group. Fortunately we achieved this quite early as our group was brought together by a unified concern of failure. We were extremely lucky to have all members willing to commit time in building these bonds and discovering each other. By the time we were faced with Assignment 2, we already felt like a family and could easily communicate ideas and concerns without feeling awkward. Another key lesson to groups, particularly online groups, is time management. With each member having different schedules, it was often times difficult to arrange an ideal time to get together. Beyond the known difficulties like time zones differences, and personal schedules, there are emergencies and sickness that could alter our meeting plans. The only remedy for this is constant communication. Leading up to our meets and deadlines, members always made the effort to keep the team updated with any possible delays, interruptions.