 
# Do-the-Vegan-Thing 
'Do The Vegan Thing' App isn't just another vegan app that provides access to a database of vegan alternative recipes. The idea and purpose of 'Do The Vegan  Thing' App is to be a vegan, or potential vegans, go to app and pocket companion. The key feature of the application is its product scanner, which gives real  time feedback on whether the ingredients in product bought from your local grocery store is vegan friendly or not. Beyond that, there are extra features such  as recipes, daily meals planner, nutrition and calories count that all go towards helping you easily focus and maintain a healthier diet. But what about those  date nights? Or when you don't have time to cook? Well 'Do The Vegan Thing' App also has a search function to find local vegan friendly restaurants near  you. So whether you're a vegan, or know a vegan, 'Do The Vegan Thing' App will be the only app you need to solve all those vegan related dietary problems.   

## Motivation 
Veganism is growing in popularity, and most vegans can confirm at a quick glance of an ingredients list if a product is plant based. However, for new vegans,  and in particular for certain chemicals and food colourings, even for experienced vegans it is hard to identify. Australia's vegan food market is projected to be  the third-fastest-growing vegan market in the world with a growth rate of 9.6 percent, according to Statista. Pair this growing market with society's dependency on their smart phones and mobile apps and it's clear that there's demand for an app that goes beyond  just the typical vegan alternative recipe list that most current vegan apps offer. Of the top ten (Olsen 2020) only one incorporates scanner technology  however it only handles vegan beverages and none offer local vegan friendly restaurant searches.   

## Landscape 
According to healthline.com (Olsen 2020) the top 5 vegan apps are: 1. 21-Day vegan kickstart * Meal planner * Recipes 2. Oh she Glows * Recipes 3. Food Monster * Recipes 4. Veggie Alternatives * Vegan alternative database * Educational material * Recipes * Forums 5. Gonuts * Educational material * Protein calculator * Recipes So how does 'Do The Vegan Thing' App compare to some of the top recognised vegan apps in the market currently? Like many of the top apps, 'Do The Vegan  Thing' App incorporates vegan alternative recipes and a nutrition planner, which are a must for any vegan diet app.  Beyond the basics, 'Do The Vegan Thing' App shines in that it incorporates an ingredients scanner that informs the user if the product is vegan friendly. This is  particularly handy, when you're not at your local grocery store, or the available products aren't familiar. Another handy feature for those vegans wishing to dine out, is the ability to search for local vegan friendly restaurants nearby. This works similarly to Google  maps on a smart phone and offers information such as restaurant rating and a link to their website

[Next](/vegan/aims.md)